{
  "source": "irc",
  "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
  "fetched_at": "2026-01-15T07:01:52.245550+00:00",
  "date_range": {
    "since": "2025-12-16T06:58:54.084595+00:00",
    "until": "2025-12-16T06:58:54.084595+00:00"
  },
  "logs": [
    {
      "date": "2025-12-16",
      "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
      "message_count": 70,
      "participant_count": 12,
      "participants": [
        "fanquake",
        "pinheadmz",
        "bitcoin-git",
        "_aj_",
        "vasild",
        "sipa",
        "maflcko",
        "Eli_Brooks",
        "lightlike",
        "_andrewtoth_",
        "hebasto",
        "janb84"
      ],
      "messages": [
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 00:08:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko opened pull request #34080: ci: Pin native tests on cross-builds to same commit (master...2512-ci-pin) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34080",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 166,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 04:38:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "latest clang snapshots fail to compile `src/crypto/sha256.cpp` for some reason in the CI environment; trying to reproduce it locally",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 132,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 04:50:00",
          "user": "maflcko",
          "content": "hebasto: It is an OOM",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 21,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 04:50:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "maflcko: even with `-j 1`?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 26,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 04:50:00",
          "user": "maflcko",
          "content": "yes, on that translation unit",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 29,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 04:52:00",
          "user": "maflcko",
          "content": "To clarify, it is an llvm upstream bug",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 05:36:00",
          "user": "Eli_Brooks",
          "content": "hi guys!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 8,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 05:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/41bf8f2d5ece...cbafd3ddf8a2",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 05:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 09dfa4d stratospher: test: fix race condition in p2p_v2_misbehaving.py peerid assertion",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 102,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 05:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master cbafd3d merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#34060: test: fix race condition in p2p_v2_misbehavin...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 05:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #34060: test: fix race condition in p2p_v2_misbehaving.py peerid assertion (master...2025_12_fix_peerid_race) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34060",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 194,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:03:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 18 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/cbafd3ddf8a2...4f11ef058b08",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 118,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:03:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master de00e87 Ryan Ofsky: test: Fix broken chainstatemanager_snapshot_init check",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 89,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:03:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 6082c84 Ryan Ofsky: refactor: Add Chainstate::m_target_blockhash member",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 86,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:03:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 9fe927b Ryan Ofsky: refactor: Add Chainstate m_assumeutxo and m_target_utxohash members",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 102,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:03:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #30214: refactor: Improve assumeutxo state representation (master...pr/cstate) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30214",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 163,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:05:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 4 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/4f11ef058b08...ab643efc0a70",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:05:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master ded11fb Ryan Ofsky: test: fix interface_ipc.py template destruction",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 82,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:05:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master a5e61b1 Ryan Ofsky: test: interface_ipc.py minor fixes and cleanup",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 81,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:05:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master d8fe5f0 Ryan Ofsky: test: improve interface_ipc.py waitNext tests",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 80,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:05:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #34003: test: interface_ipc.py minor fixes and cleanup (master...pr/pyipc) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34003",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 159,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:09:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "Looks like more random Windows CI failures: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/actions/runs/20270670513/job/58205336933",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 119,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:26:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/ab643efc0a70...13891a8a685d",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:26:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 7e9de20 LÅ‘rinc: fuzz: exercise `ComputeMerkleRoot` without mutated parameter",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 91,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:26:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 13891a8 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#34050: fuzz: exercise `ComputeMerkleRoot` without `m...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 06:26:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #34050: fuzz: exercise `ComputeMerkleRoot` without `mutated` parameter (master...l0rinc/merkle-merkle-root-without-mutated) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34050",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 208,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 07:28:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "maflcko: OOM occurs when optimization is enabled; -O0 compiles fine",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 67,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:38:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "lightlike: wrt https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/29415#discussion_r2620864832 -- I mean what if -privatebroadcast=0 and thus we leave the optional member empty/uninitialized and then somebody does \"sendrawtransaction ... private=yes\" (assuming in the future we decide to support that). In this case the optional member is empty but we need it...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 351,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:40:00",
          "user": "lightlike",
          "content": "vasild: yes, understood, that wouldn't be possible with an optional. What I meant that the reverse would be possible though (set privatebroadcast=1 and opt out of it for some transactions).",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 189,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:41:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "yes",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 3,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:42:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "So, what to do? Leave it as it is? Or use an optional and leave it for later to deal with the case where we want to support off->on override from sendrawtransaction and the optional is empty?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 191,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:44:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "A lazy initialize should be easy - if the optional is empty and we need it, then initialize it?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 95,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:48:00",
          "user": "lightlike",
          "content": "yes - I personally like using an optional more, but then again that's why I suggested it, so others should chime in.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 116,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:50:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "I am fine, and l0rinc seems to be ok, so I will give it a try...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 64,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:50:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "_andrewtoth_: ^",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 15,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:50:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "pinheadmz: ^",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 12,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:51:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "also will take this: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/29415#discussion_r2623314428 if no objections",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 106,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:52:00",
          "user": "_andrewtoth_",
          "content": "sounds ok to me",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 15,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 08:53:00",
          "user": "_andrewtoth_",
          "content": "hopefully the diff is not too much",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 34,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:18:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "lightlike: _andrewtoth_: https://paste-bin.org/y4rjgwdntj the optional diff looks something like that. It raises some odd questions, like what to do if in the middle of the processing the optional is empty (e.g. when we receive a PONG) - could assert that at this point it is not empty, but I do not like such assets, they look too scary; or ignore silently, or lazily initialize it...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 385,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:22:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "maflcko: https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/172522",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 59,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "action",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:23:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "afk...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 6,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:25:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "vasild re: optional, i defer to the more experieinced cpp devs here but i dont mind as much creating the class as much as starting the thread and scheduling the rebroadcast (when disabled)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 188,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:26:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "opens up a bigger usage question as well and like - i know its been 2 years - why is the approach an init flag that always affects sendraw, rather than an argument to sendraw ?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 176,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:42:00",
          "user": "_andrewtoth_",
          "content": "pinheadmz: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/29415#issuecomment-3073424315",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 80,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:44:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "Right makes sense",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 17,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:46:00",
          "user": "_andrewtoth_",
          "content": "vasild, lightlike: not sure it's worth it. What do we gain from the optional? as pinheadmz noted the resources from the extra thread and scheduling are bigger than allocating a struct we never use.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 197,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:59:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] DrahtBot closed pull request #33117: Interfaces: Expose UTXO Snapshot Loading and Add Progress Notifications (master...interface-load-snapshot) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33117",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 199,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 09:59:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] DrahtBot reopened pull request #33117: Interfaces: Expose UTXO Snapshot Loading and Add Progress Notifications (master...interface-load-snapshot) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33117",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 201,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:03:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] DrahtBot closed pull request #33891: kernel: Expose reusable `PrecomputedTransactionData` in script validation (master...kernel/precomputed-txdata) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33891",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 203,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:04:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] DrahtBot reopened pull request #33891: kernel: Expose reusable `PrecomputedTransactionData` in script validation (master...kernel/precomputed-txdata) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33891",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 205,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:08:00",
          "user": "maflcko",
          "content": "hebasto: Thx, but I think the bug is already fixed?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 51,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:13:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "maflcko: where?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 15,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:14:00",
          "user": "maflcko",
          "content": "in the latest version, between december 13th and 15th. I have not bisected",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 74,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:17:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "the fixed binaries for Ubuntu 24.04 are still not available via https://apt.llvm.org/ though; I can't verify the fix",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 116,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:18:00",
          "user": "lightlike",
          "content": "_andrewtoth_: my main reason is separation of concerns. private broadcast is an optional mode that will be probably be pretty niche for some time (at least until wallet support), and if I'm not interested in that and dont have it enabled it seems not ideal that net_processing still reaches into the module / calls its functions and I have to make sure there are no side-effects when reviewing net_processing code.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 414,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:21:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] arejula27 opened pull request #34081: build: Fix source paths for debugging in CMake (master...debug-path-cmake-adjust) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34081",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 175,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:40:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "gh introduces \"a new $0.002 per-minute GitHub Actions cloud platform charge that will apply to self-hosted runner usage.\"",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 121,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 10:48:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "what's the charge for github-hosted runner usage?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 11:04:00",
          "user": "janb84",
          "content": "\"Runner usage in public repositories will remain free\"",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 54,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 11:22:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] gitty-prakhar opened pull request #34082: doc: clarify description of Bitcoin Core (master...patch-1) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34082",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 157,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 11:25:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko closed pull request #34082: doc: clarify description of Bitcoin Core (master...patch-1) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34082",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 151,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 11:36:00",
          "user": "janb84",
          "content": "so forked repo GHA runners will remain to be free ?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 51,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 12:42:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] theuni opened pull request #34083: Add initial vectorized chacha20 implementation for 2-3x speedup (master...chacha20-vectorized-initial) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34083",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 193,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 13:14:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko opened pull request #34084: scripted-diff: [doc] Unify stale copyright headers (master...2506-doc-copy) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34084",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 167,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 13:21:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] sipa opened pull request #34085: cluster mempool: exploit SFL properties in txgraph (master...202512_txgraph_sfl) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/34085",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 169,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 15:37:00",
          "user": "_aj_",
          "content": "sipa: messing around with a global inv2send queue (vs the per-peer ones we currently have). when that queue is unreasonably large, i'm spending a bunch of time re-heapifying it which seems wasteful (since it only matters if some new/removed tx changes chunking, which is relatively rare)... i guess if i could get a trigger to say that \"tx X's mining score changed\" (because tx Y was added and CPFP'ed",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 401,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 15:37:00",
          "user": "_aj_",
          "content": "it, or tx Z was mined and X's fees aren't CPFP'ing anymore) i could just update X's position in my queue without reordering any tx's that didn't trigger. maybe `txgraph.TrackTouchedRefs(vec); {modify the graph}; for (ref : vec) { reconsider(ref) }` or something?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 262,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 15:40:00",
          "user": "_aj_",
          "content": "sipa: (unreasonably large ~= 1000-5000 entries, due to unreasonably lowering the mainnet broadcast rate from 14 tx/s to 6 tx/s)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 127,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-12-16 23:50:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "'< hebasto> gh introduces \"a new $0.002 per-minute...' GitHub is a trap",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 71,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        }
      ],
      "threads": [
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 04:50:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 04:52:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "maflcko",
            "hebasto"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "hebasto: It is an OOM",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 05:56:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 05:56:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/41bf8f2d5ece...cbafd3ddf8a2",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 06:03:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 06:09:00",
          "message_count": 11,
          "participants": [
            "fanquake",
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 18 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/cbafd3ddf8a2...4f11ef058b08",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 06:26:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 06:26:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/ab643efc0a70...13891a8a685d",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 08:38:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 08:53:00",
          "message_count": 12,
          "participants": [
            "vasild",
            "lightlike",
            "_andrewtoth_"
          ],
          "participant_count": 3,
          "first_message": "lightlike: wrt https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/29415#discussion_r2620864832 -- I mean what if -privatebroadcast=0 and thus we leave the optional member empty/uninitialized and then somebody do",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 09:18:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 09:26:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "pinheadmz",
            "vasild",
            "hebasto"
          ],
          "participant_count": 3,
          "first_message": "lightlike: _andrewtoth_: https://paste-bin.org/y4rjgwdntj the optional diff looks something like that. It raises some odd questions, like what to do if in the middle of the processing the optional is ",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 09:42:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 09:46:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "pinheadmz",
            "_andrewtoth_"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "pinheadmz: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/29415#issuecomment-3073424315",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 09:59:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 10:21:00",
          "message_count": 10,
          "participants": [
            "lightlike",
            "maflcko",
            "hebasto",
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 4,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] DrahtBot closed pull request #33117: Interfaces: Expose UTXO Snapshot Loading and Add Progress Notifications (master...interface-load-snapshot) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33117",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-12-16 15:37:00",
          "end_time": "2025-12-16 15:40:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "_aj_"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "sipa: messing around with a global inv2send queue (vs the per-peer ones we currently have). when that queue is unreasonably large, i'm spending a bunch of time re-heapifying it which seems wasteful (s",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 1
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "days_fetched": 1,
    "total_messages": 70,
    "total_threads": 9,
    "unique_participants": 12
  }
}