{
  "source": "irc",
  "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
  "fetched_at": "2026-01-15T07:06:50.851724+00:00",
  "date_range": {
    "since": "2025-02-05T00:00:00+00:00",
    "until": "2025-02-05T00:00:00+00:00"
  },
  "logs": [
    {
      "date": "2025-02-05",
      "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
      "message_count": 99,
      "participant_count": 12,
      "participants": [
        "fjahr",
        "willcl-ark",
        "instagibbs",
        "bitcoin-git",
        "darosior",
        "abubakarsadiq",
        "sipa",
        "glozow",
        "achow101",
        "corebot",
        "laanwj",
        "yancy"
      ],
      "messages": [
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:35:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/94ca99ac51dd...2aa7be1744a4",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:35:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master d9c8aac Hennadii Stepanov: depends, refactor: Avoid hardcoding `host_prefix` in toolchain file",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 109,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:35:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 2aa7be1 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31358: depends: Avoid hardcoding `host_prefix` in to...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:35:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #31358: depends: Avoid hardcoding `host_prefix` in toolchain file (master...241122-toolchain) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31358",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 178,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:38:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/2aa7be1744a4...33932d30e382",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:38:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 7e0db87 kevkevinpal: test: added additional coverage to waitforblock and waitforblockheight rpc...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 113,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:38:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 33932d3 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31784: test: added additional coverage to waitforblo...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:38:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #31784: test: added additional coverage to waitforblock and waitforblockheight rpc's (master...moreTimeoutTests) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31784",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 197,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:42:00",
          "user": "willcl-ark",
          "content": "Do we support different debug levels (or categories) being sent to console and debug.log file?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 94,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:47:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "i'm getting a bit skeptical about #31177, sure, it'd be nice to report 1.0 exactly when we're sure we're entirely up to date, but solutions seem to muddle the estimate that makes it less useful in other ways",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 207,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:48:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "willcl-ark: no, there's no such setting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 39,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:51:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "corebot seems dead? :/",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 22,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:51:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Error: \"seems\" is not a valid command.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 45,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:51:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#31177",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 6,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:51:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31177 | rpc, logging: return \"verificationprogress\" of 1 when up to date by polespinasa · Pull Request #31177 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 178,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:51:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Oh, he's back :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 16,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:51:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "bitcoin#31177",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 13,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:52:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "huh",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 3,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:55:00",
          "user": "willcl-ark",
          "content": "laanwj: ok thanks for confirming what I suspected",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 02:58:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "i can see how it can be useful, but having multiple sets of logging category/level filter settings would complicate the logging system even more",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 144,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 03:02:00",
          "user": "willcl-ark",
          "content": "Yeah, and I only want it for some benchmarking, but I don't think it would be a particularly generally-useful feature...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 120,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:22:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/33932d30e382...1334ca6c0709",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:22:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 846a138 Greg Sanders: func test: Expand tx download preference tests",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 83,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:22:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 1334ca6 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31437: func test: Expand tx download preference tests",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 112,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:22:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #31437: func test: Expand tx download preference tests (master...2024-12-inv_priority_tiebreaker) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31437",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 182,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 3 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/1334ca6c0709...b9c241804c07",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master fa0232a Alfonso Roman Zubeldia: test: add validation for gettxout RPC response",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 93,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 723440c Alfonso Roman Zubeldia: test framework, wallet: rename get_scriptPubKey method to get_output_script",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 122,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master b9c2418 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#30226: test: add validation for gettxout RPC response",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 112,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:31:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #30226: test: add validation for gettxout RPC response (master...missing-test) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30226",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 163,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 05:44:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "laanwj: hmm, yes, my initial preference was not do anything, because \"fully synced\" isn't very well defined of you take the possibility of a block whose header you have not seen into account, but people really wanted to see a 1.0 number",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 236,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:04:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "sipa: sure, and i i can understand that, i do agree in theory it's an improvement to user friendliness, but doing it in a way that doesn't break other cases unexpectedly or makes questionable assumptions seems hard",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 214,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:06:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "also, that code has no business being in validation.cpp",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 55,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:09:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "(but that's orthogonal to the PR)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 33,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:36:00",
          "user": "laanwj",
          "content": "#25832 seems RFM",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 16,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:36:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/25832 | tracing: network connection tracepoints by 0xB10C · Pull Request #25832 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 148,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:43:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "can i have some review on #30535? it adds the ability to evaluate FeeFrac at a given size, making it possible to use as replacement for CFeeRate, and comes with nice tests",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 171,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:45:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "#30535",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 6,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:45:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/30535 | feefrac: add support for evaluating at given size by sipa · Pull Request #30535 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:51:00",
          "user": "instagibbs",
          "content": "sipa will put it in the review pile",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 35,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:56:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "instagibbs: dank",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 16,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 06:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] hebasto opened pull request #31800: depends: Avoid using the `-ffile-prefix-map` compiler option (master...250205-prefix-map) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31800",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 181,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:29:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "sipa: does it maybe need a rebase?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 34,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:29:00",
          "user": "yancy",
          "content": "sipa I'll take a look at 30535",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 30,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:30:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "or i guess, couldn’t hurt to rebase?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:30:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "glozow: i can rebase",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 20,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 8 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/b9c241804c07...a43f08c4ae32",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:31:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 85b2603 0xb10c: tracing: add inbound connection tracepoint",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 73,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:31:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 4d61d52 0xb10c: tracing: add outbound connection tracepoint",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 74,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:31:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 68c1ef4 0xb10c: tracing: add inbound connection eviction tracepoint",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 82,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:31:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #25832: tracing: network connection tracepoints (master...2022-05-connection-tracepoints) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/25832",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 174,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:32:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "I vaguely remember it just missing v28",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:58:00",
          "user": "instagibbs",
          "content": "sipa when did the Cluster type get removed again? I can't recall",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 64,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:59:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "instagibbs: in #30857",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 21,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:59:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/30857 | cluster mempool: extend DepGraph functionality by sipa · Pull Request #30857 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 153,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:59:00",
          "user": "instagibbs",
          "content": "ah right",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 8,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 07:59:00",
          "user": "instagibbs",
          "content": "dank",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 4,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:04:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] Sjors opened pull request #31802: Add bitcoin-{node,gui} to release binaries for IPC (master...2025/02/ipc-yea) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31802",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 167,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:28:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "@sipa I see that all the getter and setter methods of txgraph on a ref assume checking whether the ref belongs to that txgraph. Could this methods just be part of ref? Since ref can access its txgraph internals, this would prevent those `Assumes` and the issues they are meant to prevent.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 288,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:28:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "But I think you choose the current approach because it's better than my suggestion for some reasons?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 100,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:29:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "abubakarsadiq: it's a good question",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 35,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:30:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "one reason is that it makes locking requirements clearer; we can't write those when operating on Refs directly (because the txgraph isn't in scope necessarily)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 159,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:32:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "I see, I have not reviewed the commit you introduced locks yet",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 62,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:46:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fjahr opened pull request #31803: fuzz: Extend mini_miner fuzz coverage to max block weight (master...pr31384-fuzz-follow-up) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31803",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 181,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:46:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "there are none",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 14,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 08:46:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "the locking would be at the mempool level",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 41,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 09:23:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] hebasto closed pull request #31726: ci: Replace `CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS` with `APPEND_CXXFLAGS` (master...250123-ci-flags) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31726",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 171,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 09:25:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] hebasto opened pull request #31804: ci: Remove no longer needed '-Wno-error=documentation' (master...250205-ci-flags) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31804",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 173,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 09:32:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] jonatack opened pull request #31805: doc: improve NODE_NETWORK_LIMITED documentation per BIP159 (master...2025-02-NODE_NETWORK_LIMITED-documentation) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31805",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 205,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 09:46:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] brunoerg opened pull request #31806: fuzz: coinselection: cover `SetBumpFeeDiscount` (master...2025-02-fuzz-coinselection-bumpfee) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31806",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 186,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:27:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko closed pull request #31332: contrib: fix BUILDDIR in gen-bitcoin-conf script (master...fix-builddir) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31332",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 164,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:32:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] theuni opened pull request #31807: kernel: Avoid duplicating symbols in the kernel and downstream users (master...fix-dupe-kernel-symbols) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31807",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 194,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:39:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "abubakarsadiq: to be clear, what i mean is that CTxMemPool would have a `TxGraph m_txgraph GUARDED_BY(cs);` variable, so that it can be checked that any interactions with m_txgraph require the mempool lock",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 205,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:40:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "but a direct TxGraph::Ref::RemoveTransaction() would invisbly access m_txgraph, by holding its own reference to it",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:41:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "this problem does exist with TxGraph::Ref::~Ref, which one would need the mempool lock for too, but we can't avoid that",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 119,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:41:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "maybe in a follow-up TxGraph can be given its own internal locks",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 64,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:42:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "that will be better I think,  the abstraction will be complete!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 63,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:46:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "i don't know if it's really possible",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:47:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "with CTxMempoolEntry deriving from TxGraph::Ref, they are kind of intertwined from an access level",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 98,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:56:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "hmm yeah we will want the additions to be atomic (for both `TxGraph` and  mempool entry)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 88,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:56:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "I think I will have to to look at #28676 on how the current `TxGraph` interface is used by the mempool",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 102,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:56:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "anyway I dont think it's super important for `TxGraph` to handle it's threadsafety internally",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 93,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 11:56:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/28676 | [WIP] Cluster mempool implementation by sdaftuar · Pull Request #28676 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 147,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 12:14:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "Re the discussion about checking all consensus rules in ConnectBlock, i'm not sure if we should really be concerned about somehow an invalid block being let in by an unupgraded version being connected by an upgraded one, if the unupgraded version could just have connected it in the first place and the upgraded version wouldn't catch that either?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 347,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 12:15:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "I guess there is a slight advantage to being able to catch it with `verifychain` or a `-reindex-chainstate` but..",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 113,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 12:49:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[qa-assets] murchandamus opened pull request #218: Add Murch’s inputs February 2025 merged without sanitizers (main...2025-02-murch-inputs-no-san) https://github.com/bitcoin-core/qa-assets/pull/218",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 197,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 16:51:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "It seems the bot does not like punctuation. I'll adjust the regex when I have time",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 82,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 18:48:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#31622,",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 7,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 18:48:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31622 | psbt: add non-default sighash types to PSBTs and unify sighash type match checking by achow101 · Pull Request #31622 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 193,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 18:48:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "there we go",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 11,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:02:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/a43f08c4ae32...ae9eaa063b68",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 115,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:02:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 3f4b104 Sergi Delgado Segura: test: make sure we are on sync with a peer before checking if they have se...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 122,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:02:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master ae9eaa0 glozow: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31760: test: make sure we are on sync with a peer be...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 108,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:02:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow merged pull request #31760: test: make sure we are on sync with a peer before checking if they have sent a message (master...2025-01-fix-p2p-orphan-halding-requests-check) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31760",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 234,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:56:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "sr_gi: remember to delete the template text before you open a PR, as the full OP is included in the merge commit",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 112,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:58:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/ae9eaa063b68...82ba50513425",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 115,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:58:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 1973a9e Sergi Delgado Segura: test: fixes p2p_ibd_txrelay wait time",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 82,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:58:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 82ba505 glozow: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31759: test: fixes p2p_ibd_txrelay wait time",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 97,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-02-05 21:58:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow merged pull request #31759: test: fixes p2p_ibd_txrelay wait time (master...2025-01-fix-p2p-ibd-txrelay-test) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31759",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 172,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        }
      ],
      "threads": [
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 02:35:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 03:02:00",
          "message_count": 21,
          "participants": [
            "fjahr",
            "willcl-ark",
            "bitcoin-git",
            "corebot",
            "laanwj"
          ],
          "participant_count": 5,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/94ca99ac51dd...2aa7be1744a4",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 1
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 05:22:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 05:22:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/33932d30e382...1334ca6c0709",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 05:30:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 05:31:00",
          "message_count": 5,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 3 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/1334ca6c0709...b9c241804c07",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 06:04:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 06:09:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "laanwj"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "sipa: sure, and i i can understand that, i do agree in theory it's an improvement to user friendliness, but doing it in a way that doesn't break other cases unexpectedly or makes questionable assumpti",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 06:43:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 06:45:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "corebot",
            "abubakarsadiq",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 3,
          "first_message": "can i have some review on #30535? it adds the ability to evaluate FeeFrac at a given size, making it possible to use as replacement for CFeeRate, and comes with nice tests",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 06:51:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 06:56:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git",
            "instagibbs",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 3,
          "first_message": "sipa will put it in the review pile",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 07:29:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 07:32:00",
          "message_count": 10,
          "participants": [
            "sipa",
            "bitcoin-git",
            "yancy",
            "glozow"
          ],
          "participant_count": 4,
          "first_message": "sipa: does it maybe need a rebase?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 07:58:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 08:04:00",
          "message_count": 6,
          "participants": [
            "corebot",
            "bitcoin-git",
            "instagibbs",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 4,
          "first_message": "sipa when did the Cluster type get removed again? I can't recall",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 08:28:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 08:32:00",
          "message_count": 5,
          "participants": [
            "abubakarsadiq",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "@sipa I see that all the getter and setter methods of txgraph on a ref assume checking whether the ref belongs to that txgraph. Could this methods just be part of ref? Since ref can access its txgraph",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 08:46:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 08:46:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fjahr opened pull request #31803: fuzz: Extend mini_miner fuzz coverage to max block weight (master...pr31384-fuzz-follow-up) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31803",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 11:39:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 11:47:00",
          "message_count": 7,
          "participants": [
            "abubakarsadiq",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "abubakarsadiq: to be clear, what i mean is that CTxMemPool would have a `TxGraph m_txgraph GUARDED_BY(cs);` variable, so that it can be checked that any interactions with m_txgraph require the mempool",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 11:56:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 11:56:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "corebot",
            "abubakarsadiq"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "hmm yeah we will want the additions to be atomic (for both `TxGraph` and  mempool entry)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 18:48:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 18:48:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "achow101",
            "corebot"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "#31622,",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 21:02:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 21:02:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] glozow pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/a43f08c4ae32...ae9eaa063b68",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-02-05 21:56:00",
          "end_time": "2025-02-05 21:58:00",
          "message_count": 5,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git",
            "glozow"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "sr_gi: remember to delete the template text before you open a PR, as the full OP is included in the merge commit",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "days_fetched": 1,
    "total_messages": 99,
    "total_threads": 15,
    "unique_participants": 12
  }
}