{
  "source": "irc",
  "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
  "fetched_at": "2026-01-15T07:08:15.836718+00:00",
  "date_range": {
    "since": "2025-04-30T00:00:00+00:00",
    "until": "2025-04-30T00:00:00+00:00"
  },
  "logs": [
    {
      "date": "2025-04-30",
      "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
      "message_count": 39,
      "participant_count": 8,
      "participants": [
        "fjahr",
        "theariard",
        "bitcoin-git",
        "achow101",
        "hebasto",
        "lightlike",
        "jonatack",
        "Murch[m]"
      ],
      "messages": [
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 01:04:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "sipa:https://x.com/NicolasDorier/status/1917370497001742660",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 59,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 01:15:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] stratospher opened pull request #32385: test: add test for malleated transaction with valid witness (master...2025_04_tx_malleate) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32385",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 186,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 05:01:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] Sjors opened pull request #32386: mining: rename gbt_force and gbt_force_name (master...2025/04/gbt) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32386",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 05:43:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] ryanofsky opened pull request #32387: [DRAFT] ipc: add windows support (master...pr/ipc-win) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32387",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 148,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 06:54:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] w0xlt closed pull request #32384: Make `cs_db` mutex non-recursive (master...cs_db) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32384",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 139,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 07:14:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoincore.org] fanquake opened pull request #1129: blog: ammend date of latest advisory (master...fixup_postdate) https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org/pull/1129",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 174,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 07:38:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoincore.org] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org/compare/bfe173782999...c88f668c15b2",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 138,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 07:38:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoincore.org/master bc98e70 fanquake: blog: ammend date of latest advisory",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 77,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 07:38:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoincore.org/master c88f668 merge-script: Merge bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org#1129: blog: ammend date of latest advis...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 122,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 07:38:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoincore.org] fanquake merged pull request #1129: blog: ammend date of latest advisory (master...fixup_postdate) https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org/pull/1129",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 174,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 08:19:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[gui] D33r-Gee opened pull request #870: [DRAFT] Expose AssumeUTXO Load Snapshot Functionality To The GUI (master...2025_gui_interfaces_loadsnapshot_poc) https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui/pull/870",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 198,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 08:23:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[gui] D33r-Gee closed pull request #869: interface: Expose load utxo snapshot functionality (master...2025_gui_interfaces_loadsnapshot) https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui/pull/869",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 180,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 10:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] achow101 pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/14b8dfb2bd5e...68ac9f116c02",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 10:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 97eaadc Hennadii Stepanov: util: Remove `fsbridge::get_filesystem_error_message()`",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 97,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 10:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 68ac9f1 Ava Chow: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#32383: util: Remove `fsbridge::get_filesystem_error_...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 110,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 10:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] achow101 merged pull request #32383: util: Remove `fsbridge::get_filesystem_error_message()` (master...250429-fs-error) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32383",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 175,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 10:58:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko opened pull request #32388: fuzz: Remove unused TimeoutExpired catch in fuzz runner (master...2504-fuzz-timeout) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32388",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 176,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 10:59:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko closed pull request #32339: ci: Merge fuzz task for macOS (master...2504-ci-merge) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32339",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 146,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 12:12:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] darosior closed pull request #32381: policy: allow more than one OP_RETURN outputs per tx (master...2504_fixthefiltersyo) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32381",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 177,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:35:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "pinheadmz: Not sure if the ML is the right place for that bitcoin core meta discussion, so writing it here instead: Agree that it would be good to split conceptual and technical review but also skeptical the discussion post would get traction. And even if it did, people could still copy+paste their messages into the PR later.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 327,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:35:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "A more strict approach would be to open the PR right away but lock it to org members, so the PR is only reserved for technical review. Then there could be an issue that is linked to the PR (via closes #XXX) and that is where the conceptual discussion takes place. This is a bit backwards compared to what we often do: first open an issue, discuss the idea there, then open a PR. But if the PR is the only thing that triggers",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 424,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:35:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "people to jump into action, then maybe this is worth a shot.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 60,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:36:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "I wouldn't want to do this for policy changes in general, though. Only in the very rare occasions where we know there will be these emotional discussions.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 154,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:40:00",
          "user": "Murch[m]",
          "content": "Unfortunately, it’s not possible to lock individual PRs and Issues only to org members, according to achow101 here: https://github.com/bitcoin-core/meta/issues/19#issuecomment-2839879023",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 186,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:40:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Ah, ok, I thought we had done this before :/",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 44,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:40:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "we can only lock to people with write permission, i.e. maintainers",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 66,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:45:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "So just make everyone maintainer while we have a controversial PR open? :p",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 74,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:47:00",
          "user": "Murch[m]",
          "content": "haha",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 4,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:49:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "hmm, I think it actually may be possible to give frequent contributors the write permission, while restricting the ability to actually push any commits to the branches",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 167,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:49:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "but there might be some other side effects with that",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 52,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:50:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "probably need to play around with these settings somewhere else first",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 69,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 15:54:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "there's a lot of branch protection rules that we haven't really explored",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 72,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 16:21:00",
          "user": "lightlike",
          "content": "I don't think there is an actual problem if all we want is separation: just have a maintainer announce \"this is the issue / thread where all the conceptual discussion goes, this is the PR for technical review. They belong together and will be evaluated together, but please post in the correct one\" and then delete posts (from regulars and drive-by accounts alike) if they are in the wrong one.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 1,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 394,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 16:42:00",
          "user": "jonatack",
          "content": "lightlike: sgtm. perhaps a moderator or even the pull author can announce that as well",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 86,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 16:46:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "it's actually unclear to me whether regular contributors would have anything to say when a pr is locked?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 104,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 16:47:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "and it would definitely piss off more people if the \"in group\" can comment but no one else can. that feeds into the perception of being a cabal",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 143,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 19:16:00",
          "user": "theariard",
          "content": "won’t be present to this thurs. meeting, as it’s may 1st and schedule to be afk",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 79,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 19:16:00",
          "user": "theariard",
          "content": "but i’ll try to attend next one may 8th to talk about the mod guidelines...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 75,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-30 20:20:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] monlovesmango opened pull request #32389: doc: Fix test_bitcoin path (master...doc-fix-test_bitcoin-path) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32389",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 161,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        }
      ],
      "threads": [
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-30 07:38:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-30 07:38:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoincore.org] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org/compare/bfe173782999...c88f668c15b2",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-30 10:56:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-30 10:59:00",
          "message_count": 6,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] achow101 pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/14b8dfb2bd5e...68ac9f116c02",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-30 15:35:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-30 15:54:00",
          "message_count": 13,
          "participants": [
            "Murch[m]",
            "fjahr",
            "achow101"
          ],
          "participant_count": 3,
          "first_message": "pinheadmz: Not sure if the ML is the right place for that bitcoin core meta discussion, so writing it here instead: Agree that it would be good to split conceptual and technical review but also skepti",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 2,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 1
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-30 16:42:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-30 16:47:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "achow101",
            "jonatack"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "lightlike: sgtm. perhaps a moderator or even the pull author can announce that as well",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "days_fetched": 1,
    "total_messages": 39,
    "total_threads": 4,
    "unique_participants": 8
  }
}