{
  "source": "irc",
  "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
  "fetched_at": "2026-01-15T07:07:55.278727+00:00",
  "date_range": {
    "since": "2025-04-10T00:00:00+00:00",
    "until": "2025-04-10T00:00:00+00:00"
  },
  "logs": [
    {
      "date": "2025-04-10",
      "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
      "message_count": 203,
      "participant_count": 20,
      "participants": [
        "dzxzg",
        "ryanofsky",
        "TheCharlatan",
        "PiRK_",
        "fanquake",
        "sr_gi[m]",
        "cfields",
        "kevkevin_",
        "pinheadmz",
        "vasild",
        "achow101",
        "corebot",
        "Sjors[m]",
        "hebasto",
        "glozow",
        "sipa_",
        "bitcoin-git",
        "lightlike",
        "sipa",
        "furszy"
      ],
      "messages": [
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 02:33:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] l0rinc opened pull request #32244: check if getcoinscachesizestate still works (master...detached37) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32244",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 02:33:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] l0rinc closed pull request #32244: check if getcoinscachesizestate still works (master...detached37) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32244",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 04:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] hebasto pushed 3 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/b8cefeb22149...e1dfa4faebf3",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 116,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 04:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 6b63218 marcofleon: qt: Update SetHexDeprecated to FromHex",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 73,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 04:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 868816d marcofleon: refactor: Remove SetHexDeprecated",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 68,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 04:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master e1dfa4f Hennadii Stepanov: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#32237: qt: Update SetHexDeprecated to FromHex",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 109,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 04:30:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] hebasto merged pull request #32237: qt: Update SetHexDeprecated to FromHex (master...2025/04/qt-fromhex) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32237",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 160,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 07:20:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] sr-gi opened pull request #32245: doc: Updates how to reproduce fuzz CI failure locally (master...2025-04-update-fuzzmd) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32245",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 176,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 08:08:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow pushed 9 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/e1dfa4faebf3...c58ae197a386",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 115,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 08:08:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master faf2e23 MarcoFalke: fuzz: Shuffle files before testing them",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 74,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 08:08:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master fa98455 MarcoFalke: fuzz: Set ignore_incoming_txs in p2p_headers_presync",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 87,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 08:08:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master faf2d51 MarcoFalke: fuzz: Move global node id counter along with other global state",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 98,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 08:08:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow merged pull request #32198: fuzz: Make p2p_headers_presync more deterministic (master...2503-fuzz-det) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32198",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 165,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 08:13:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] l0rinc reopened pull request #32244: check if getcoinscachesizestate still works (master...detached37) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32244",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 158,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 08:54:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] sr-gi closed pull request #32104: refactor: Enforces Txid and Wtxid types in RelayTransaction (master...2025-03-refactor-process-tx) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32104",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 188,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#startmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 13,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Meeting started at 2025-04-10T16:00+0000",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 50,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Current chairs: achow101",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 34,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Useful commands: #action #info #idea #link #topic #motion #vote #close #endmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 92,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: See also: https://hcoop-meetbot.readthedocs.io/en/stable/",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 67,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Participants should now identify themselves with '#here' or with an alias like '#here FirstLast'",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 106,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#bitcoin-core-dev Meeting: abubakarsadiq achow101 _aj_ ajonas b10c brunoerg cfields darosior dergoegge fanquake fjahr furszy gleb glozow hebasto instagibbs jarolrod jonatack josibake kanzure laanwj LarryRuane lightlike luke-jr maflcko marcofleon maxedw Murch pinheadmz provoostenator ryanofsky sdaftuar S3RK stickies-v sipa sr_gi tdb3 theStack TheCharlatan vasild willcl-ark",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 374,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "furszy",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "lightlike",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "There is one preproposed meeting topic this week. Any last minute ones to add?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 78,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "< corebot> ... Participants should now identify themselves with '#here'",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 71,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "#here",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 5,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:01:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Erlay WG Update (sr_gi, gleb, marcofleon)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 48,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:01:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:01:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Or we're doing #here now?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 25,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:01:00",
          "user": "dzxzg",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:02:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "no idea why corebot is say that or whether it matters at all",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 60,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:02:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "I finished dusting and rebasing the full Erlay implementation on top of #30116, and I‚Äôm currently re-designing the functional tests to account for all the things that have changed prior to start running Warnet tests",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 215,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:02:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/30116 | p2p: Fill reconciliation sets (Erlay) attempt 2 by sr-gi ¬∑ Pull Request #30116 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 155,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:02:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "Hoping to be done with the test before the next meeting and start with warnet",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 77,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:02:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:03:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "That's it on my end",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 19,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:03:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Kernel WG Update (TheCharlatan)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:03:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "Nothing new per se this week. Still hunting for Approach ACKs for #30595, or one of the alternatives presented therein.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 2,
            "text_length": 119,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:03:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/30595 | kernel: Introduce initial C header API by TheCharlatan ¬∑ Pull Request #30595 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 153,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:04:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "Also been looking more at what we could provide for more stateless block validation to external users.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 102,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:04:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "That's all :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 13,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:04:00",
          "user": "sipa_",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:04:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Cluster Mempool WG Update (sdaftuar, sipa)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:05:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "No big things to report.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 24,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:05:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "#31444 remains next to review",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 29,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:05:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31444 | cluster mempool: add txgraph diagrams/mining/eviction by sipa ¬∑ Pull Request #31444 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 160,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:05:00",
          "user": "kevkevin_",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:06:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic MuSig2 WG Update (achow101, rkrux)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 41,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:07:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Back from break, will be addressing the comments and rebasing the PRs soon",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 74,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:07:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "welcome back!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 13,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:07:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Legacy Wallet Removal WG Update (achow101, furszy)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 57,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:07:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Rebased the PRs and addressed the comments.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 43,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:07:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "There's an interesting issue with #31250 where it seems to be possible to still create a legacy wallet that uses sqlite as the database.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 136,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:07:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31250 | wallet: Disable creating and loading legacy wallets by achow101 ¬∑ Pull Request #31250 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 162,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:08:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Will be looking into that today. It's also still the current PR to review.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 74,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:08:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Multiprocess WG Update (ryanofsky)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 41,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:08:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Oh, not much to report. I think #31741 may be ready for merge, but not sure",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 75,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:08:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31741 | multiprocess: Add libmultiprocess git subtree by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #31741 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 157,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:09:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Has a few acks, not sure if we are waiting for anything else. I have a topic later but not much more to say here",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 112,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:09:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic orphan resolution WG Update (glozow)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 43,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:10:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "I am making a lot of progress with the orphanage rewrite (it'll be from scratch, multi_index, but a lot more intuitive than the current structure)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 146,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:10:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "#31741 has a stale ack from hebasto, maybe a fresh ack from him would tip it more towards \"is ready for merge\"...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 113,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:10:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31741 | multiprocess: Add libmultiprocess git subtree by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #31741 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 157,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:10:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "So I will push to #31829 soon(TM), but before then, nothing to review",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 69,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:10:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "ryanofsky: I'll give it another once-over and likely an ACK, I think you've addressed my concerns by now. Thank you :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 118,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:10:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31829 | p2p: improve TxOrphanage denial of service bounds and increase -maxorphantxs by glozow ¬∑ Pull Request #31829 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 185,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:12:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Adding IPC binaries to next release (https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31756#issuecomment-2787113847) (ryanofsky)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 128,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Thanks vasild & cfields (from earlier topic)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 44,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I posted a comment 2 days ago https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31756#issuecomment-2787113847 about some things that could be discussed here.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 149,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "achow101: sv2 workgroup update?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 31,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Summary is that previously I had wanted to add a `bitcoin-node` binary to the 29.0 release, installed in `libexec/` not `bin/` so not on PATH, identical to `bitcoind` binary except for supporting an `-ipcbind` option that could be used to enable an IPC mining interface, which is used by Sjors Stratum v2 mining client.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 319,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I saw the change as being minimally risky: adding a new binary not on PATH, with identical behavior and same compiled code as an existing binary, just linked differently and adding a single new feature that miners who are interested could use, and help us test and improve.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 273,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Anyway it's just: man thing I'd like to see progress on is making libmultiprocess a subtree, which ryanofsky  has a separate topic for.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 135,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "However, there were some concerns about adding the new binary before the 29.0 release, so it wasn't added. Main concern was that due to build issues which #31741 addresses, building the binary was annoying, and the thought was that we shouldn't ship a binary that few developers were even building, let alone testing.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 317,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31741 | multiprocess: Add libmultiprocess git subtree by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #31741 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 157,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "PR #31741 which fixes those issues is probably ready for merge soon, but a number of other concerns could remain. I tried to list 5 possible concerns at the top of #31756, and am trying to determine which of these or other concerns may be blocking for a 30.0 release, and if there's anything I could do to address them.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 319,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31741 | multiprocess: Add libmultiprocess git subtree by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #31741 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 157,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31756 | RFC: Adding bitcoin-{node,gui} binaries for IPC in 30.0 release ¬∑ Issue #31756 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 155,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Sjors[m]: oops didn't see you",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 29,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "If you have concerns about including a `bitcoin-node` binary in upcoming releases with an `-ipcbind` option exposing a mining interface used by a stratum v2 mining client, it'd be great if we could discuss them here or in #31756.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 229,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:13:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31756 | RFC: Adding bitcoin-{node,gui} binaries for IPC in 30.0 release ¬∑ Issue #31756 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 155,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:14:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "ryanofsky: so this would mean that users run either bitcoind/bitcoin-qt OR bitcoin-node/bitcoin-gui?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 100,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:15:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Ideally we have a wrapper binary, so users can just run `bitcoin gui` with IPC option or not",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 92,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:15:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "right, sure",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 11,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:15:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "In any case the main thing for mining IPC interface is to add a bitcoin-node binary, bitcoin-gui is there for inconsistency but I'd be surprised if anyone used it",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 162,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:16:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "consistency, i assume!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 22,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:16:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "I think the wrapper also makes it easier to explain how to use this.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 68,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:16:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "Sjors[m]: +1",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 12,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:16:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "I need to look at this all again, but are we breaking all infra again in 30.x with this wrapper bin?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 100,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:16:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Without having to explain why \"bitcoin-node\" vs \"bitcoind\", just use \"bitcoin\" with some arguments.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 99,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:16:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "But that's somewhat cosmetic.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 29,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:16:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I don't think wrapper should break anything because it is just additive",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 71,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:17:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "I guess everyone calling bitcoind can just call bitcoind, and not care about anything new",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 89,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:17:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Exactly",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 7,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:17:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Wrapper pr is #31375 and has had a few acks",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 43,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:17:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "All our bins exist at the same paths",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:17:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31375 | multiprocess: Add bitcoin wrapper executable by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #31375 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:17:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "maybe at some point, if the multiprocess world becomes the New World Order, bitcoind and bitcoin-qt could become wrapper binaries too that just invoke the corresponding multiprocess binaries",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 190,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:18:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "so which use are we going to document as ‚Äúpreferred‚Äù ?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 54,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:18:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "ryanofsky: do you see this as a path towards deprecating bitcoind? Or you see them always being shipped in parallel?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 116,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:18:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "just trying to understand the end-goal.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 39,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:19:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I don't imagine deprecating bitcoind and bitcoin-cli anytime soon, I don't think we would gain anything from that",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 113,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:19:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "üëç",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 1,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:19:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "fanquake: the most careful approach is probably do just keep bitcoind as the default in documentation.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 102,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:19:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "But if we did decide to deprecate them, it should likely just involve moving them from one folder to another",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 108,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:19:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "wen connect with \"bitcoin gui\" to an existent and running bitcoin-node?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 71,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:20:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "vasild, that is implemented in #19461",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 37,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:20:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/19461 | multiprocess: Add bitcoin-gui -ipcconnect option by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #19461 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 160,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:20:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "sjors: well are we shipping the workflows/setups that developers are using/testing, or not",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 90,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:20:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "ryanofsky: or sipa's suggestion above sounds reasonable.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 56,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:20:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "I don't think we need to decide on that very soon either, but feel like the wrapper gives some flexibility on either choice once it comes to that.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 146,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:20:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "And maybe recommend \"bitcoin rpc\" instead of bitcoin-cli because it's easier with named args.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 93,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:21:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I'd like to add documentation recommending the wrapper. I guess I'm not sure where would be best, probaly somewhere in doc/?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 124,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:22:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "Doesn‚Äôt it need to be all documentation?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 40,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:22:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "And \"bitcoin -M node\" for multiprocess",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:22:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "(or daemon, forgot which one)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 29,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:22:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "Otherwise we are just going to have inconsistency about how to do anything all over the place?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 94,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:22:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "fanquake, yes, I guess I'm not familiar with what documentation we have",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 71,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:22:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "fanquake: that way developers testing multiprocess will also test the wrapper",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 77,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:23:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Definitely all multiprocess documentation should say use the wrapper, not use libexec binaries",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 94,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:23:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Maybe there's some execv issue on some platform, that's the only reason why it might be better to not immediately recommend it for bitcoind.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 140,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:24:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Yes that is a concern, there were execvp issues on windows",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 58,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:25:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "We will need to decide, otherwise we‚Äôll be endlessly changing our docs between the various ways to run bitcoind, depending on which developer read them last",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:25:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "ryanofsky, but this multiprocess release will not target windows yet, right?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 76,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:26:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "And if it‚Äôs the ‚Äúnew‚Äù way, now the docs no longer work for any prior maintained version etc",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 91,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:26:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "fanquake, I think we should update all docs to recommend the wrapper, but not do anything that would break instructions",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 119,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:26:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "*break previous instructions",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:26:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "So my suggestion would be \"bitcoin\" for everything except \"bitcoind\", and then change that to \"bitcoin\" in a later release.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 123,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:27:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "There is no need to move bitcoind from bin/ to libexec/ for example, the wrapper will work either way and we do not really gain anyting by breaking old command lines",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 165,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:28:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "if that's what the docs are going to recommend, maybe now's a good time in the release cycle to turn mp on by default in cmake?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 127,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:28:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I'm ok with sjors approach of keeping bitcoind in docs too if we want to start with that",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 88,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:28:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "cfields: #31802 does that for the release",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 41,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:28:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31802 | Add bitcoin-{node,gui} to release binaries for IPC by Sjors ¬∑ Pull Request #31802 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 158,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:28:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "but not for dev builds",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 22,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "why not for dev builds?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 23,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Happy to change that of course.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 31,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "cfields that would be my preference too once 31741 is merged.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 61,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Slower compilation?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 19,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "Devs should be testing and using what we are shipping to end users",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 66,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "Install ccache",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 14,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "+1",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "note: wrapper executable in #31375 is build regardless of any IPC / multiprocess option, so I don't see it as directly related, just an additional help",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 151,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Ok, I can change that on 31802",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 30,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:29:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31375 | multiprocess: Add bitcoin wrapper executable by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #31375 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:30:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "My machine is fast enough, I didn't even realise I forgot ccache for the first week :-)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 87,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:30:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "And docs should generally reflect what devs see with a default build.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 69,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:30:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "we‚Äôre not going to flick options in Guix that no dev is testing or using locally",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 80,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:30:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I think multiprocess is already enabled in dev build preset",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 59,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:30:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Oh yes, I meant that it's not on in cmake by default, but I don't konw about the dev preset.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 92,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:31:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Yes I would like it to be on in cmake default too",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:31:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "But it sounds like we want it for the \"default build\", not just the test build?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 79,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:31:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "yes",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 3,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:32:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Will do",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 7,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:33:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "ryanofsky: in case that recommendation sounded inconsistent, I didnt't think 31375 was in good enough shape initially and it was an unfortunate time in the release cycle, but I don't think those things are true anymore so my preference has flipped.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 248,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:33:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "er, 31741 sorry.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 16,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:34:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "makes sense I think, 31741 is needed to turn it on by default, after that there's probably no reason not to turn it on by default",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 129,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:35:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "ok, that's fine too",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 19,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:36:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "But keep in mind that if you turn it on by default for depends, it will end up in the guix build.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 97,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:36:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Any other topics to discuss?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:37:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Sjors[m] sorry did not want to imply turning it on by default in that PR",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 72,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:37:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I think I think it would be a good small followup, either in your PR or another one",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 83,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:38:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "Sjors[m]: good point. I'm not sure the question of what to ship has been hashed out yet.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 88,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:38:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "but I guess if the docs are recommending it...?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 47,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:39:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "cfields, docs might just recommend using `bitcoin` executable which is not tied to multiprocess and doesnt depend on the build option or any outside dependency",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 159,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:40:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "ok, so we could potentially ship the wrapper but not the mp stuff for 30. Not arguing for/against, but I supposse that's an option.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 131,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:41:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "Isn‚Äôt the whole point of this to ship the MP stuff though?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 58,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:41:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "For the mining interface?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 25,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:41:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "The wrapper seems unrelated",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 27,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:41:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "I think the wrapper implemented in #31741 provides a better CLI, and it is helpful for making multiprocess features easier to use, it does both things",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 150,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:41:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31741 | multiprocess: Add libmultiprocess git subtree by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #31741 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 157,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "wrong pr?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 1,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 9,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "ryanofsky",
          "content": "Oops #31375. Just pointing out that the implementation of the wrapper is completely independent",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 95,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31375 | multiprocess: Add bitcoin wrapper executable by ryanofsky ¬∑ Pull Request #31375 ¬∑ bitcoin/bitcoin ¬∑ GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "hope so, I don't remember reviewing that in 31741 :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 52,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow pushed 3 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/c58ae197a386...e364e6b50969",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 115,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master c47f81e laanwj: net: Rename `_randomize_credentials` Proxy parameter to `tor_stream_isolat...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 108,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master ec81a72 laanwj: net: Add randomized prefix to Tor stream isolation credentials",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 93,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master e364e6b merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#32176: net: Prevent accidental circuit sharing when ...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:42:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow merged pull request #32176: net: Prevent accidental circuit sharing when using Tor stream isolation (master...2025-03-tor-stream-isolation) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32176",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 202,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:44:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Anything else to discuss?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 25,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:45:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#endmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 11,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:45:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Meeting ended at 2025-04-10T16:45+0000",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 48,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:45:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Raw log: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-04-10_16_00.log.json",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 99,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:45:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Formatted log: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-04-10_16_00.log.html",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 105,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 09:45:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Minutes: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-04-10_16_00.html",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 95,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 11:07:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/e364e6b50969...a4fd565191e3",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 115,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 11:07:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master ff0194a Antoine Poinsot: miniscript: convert non-critical asserts to CHECK_NONFATAL",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 98,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 11:07:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master a4fd565 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31727: miniscript: convert non-critical asserts to C...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 11:07:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] glozow merged pull request #31727: miniscript: convert non-critical asserts to CHECK_NONFATAL (master...2501_miniscript_nonfatal) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31727",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 185,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 12:41:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] jamesob opened pull request #32247: BIP-348 (OP_CHECKSIGFROMSTACK) (regtest only) (master...2025-04-csfs) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32247",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 161,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 14:24:00",
          "user": "PiRK_",
          "content": "Good evening. I was looking through a functional test and i'm wondering if this isn't a typo:¬† https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/test/functional/feature_pruning.py#L44",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 180,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 14:24:00",
          "user": "PiRK_",
          "content": "\"nTimes\" vs `nTime`",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 19,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 14:27:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "PiRK_: looks like it",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 20,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 23:02:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko closed pull request #32168: doc/descriptors.md: Update next halvening heights (master...20250330) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32168",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 161,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 23:05:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko closed pull request #32060: test: Add support for mainnet addresses in address_to_scriptpubkey (master...AE2233KT) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32060",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 178,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-04-10 23:18:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] laanwj opened pull request #32248: Remove support for RNDR/RNDRRS for aarch64 on Linux (master...2025-04-remove-arm64-rndr) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32248",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 179,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        }
      ],
      "threads": [
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-10 04:30:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-10 04:30:00",
          "message_count": 5,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] hebasto pushed 3 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/b8cefeb22149...e1dfa4faebf3",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-10 08:08:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-10 08:13:00",
          "message_count": 6,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] glozow pushed 9 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/e1dfa4faebf3...c58ae197a386",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-10 09:00:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-10 09:45:00",
          "message_count": 177,
          "participants": [
            "dzxzg",
            "ryanofsky",
            "TheCharlatan",
            "fanquake",
            "sr_gi[m]",
            "cfields",
            "kevkevin_",
            "pinheadmz",
            "vasild",
            "achow101",
            "corebot",
            "Sjors[m]",
            "hebasto",
            "glozow",
            "sipa_",
            "bitcoin-git",
            "lightlike",
            "sipa",
            "furszy"
          ],
          "participant_count": 19,
          "first_message": "#startmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 1,
            "positive_keywords": 11,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 8
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-10 11:07:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-10 11:07:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] glozow pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/e364e6b50969...a4fd565191e3",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-04-10 14:24:00",
          "end_time": "2025-04-10 14:27:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "PiRK_",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "Good evening. I was looking through a functional test and i'm wondering if this isn't a typo:¬† https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/test/functional/feature_pruning.py#L44",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "days_fetched": 1,
    "total_messages": 203,
    "total_threads": 5,
    "unique_participants": 20
  }
}