{
  "source": "irc",
  "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
  "fetched_at": "2026-01-15T07:07:20.054290+00:00",
  "date_range": {
    "since": "2025-03-06T00:00:00+00:00",
    "until": "2025-03-06T00:00:00+00:00"
  },
  "logs": [
    {
      "date": "2025-03-06",
      "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
      "message_count": 147,
      "participant_count": 23,
      "participants": [
        "rkrux",
        "jon_atack",
        "shiza",
        "instagibbs",
        "dzxzg",
        "TheCharlatan",
        "jarolrod",
        "sr_gi[m]",
        "vasild",
        "achow101",
        "corebot",
        "Sjors[m]",
        "brunoerg",
        "abubakarsadiq",
        "glozow",
        "stickies-v",
        "darosior",
        "bitcoin-git",
        "lightlike",
        "dergoegge",
        "sipa",
        "b10c",
        "furszy"
      ],
      "messages": [
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 02:23:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 5 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/bd0ee07310c3...9f3dcacef733",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 02:23:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 0683b8e glozow: [kernel] update assumed blockchain and chainstate sizes for v29",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 94,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 02:23:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 80926af glozow: [kernel] update assumevalid and minimumChainWork for v29",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 87,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 02:23:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master dd23c53 glozow: [kernel] update chainTxData for v29",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 66,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 02:23:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #31978: kernel: pre-29.x chainparams and headerssync update (master...2025-03-v29-chainparams) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31978",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 179,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 06:03:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] xiaobei0715 opened pull request #32008: chore: update copyright year to present (master...copyright) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32008",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 06:03:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake closed pull request #32008: chore: update copyright year to present (master...copyright) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32008",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 153,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 07:54:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#proposedmeetingtopic review club",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 33,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 07:58:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "stickies-v: does this club serve zombies?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 41,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 07:59:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "i can dm you the recipe every first wed of the month, no problem",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 64,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#startmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 13,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Meeting started at 2025-03-06T16:00+0000",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 50,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Current chairs: achow101",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 34,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Useful commands: #action #info #idea #link #topic #motion #vote #close #endmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 92,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: See also: https://hcoop-meetbot.readthedocs.io/en/stable/",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 67,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Participants should now identify themselves with '#here' or with an alias like '#here FirstLast'",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 106,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "jarolrod",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#bitcoin-core-dev Meeting: abubakarsadiq achow101 _aj_ ajonas b10c brunoerg cfields darosior dergoegge fanquake fjahr furszy gleb glozow hebasto instagibbs jarolrod jonatack josibake kanzure laanwj LarryRuane lightlike luke-jr maflcko marcofleon maxedw Murch pinheadmz provoostenator ryanofsky sdaftuar S3RK stickies-v sipa sr_gi tdb3 theStack TheCharlatan vasild willcl-ark",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 374,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "dergoegge",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "shiza",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:00:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:01:00",
          "user": "dzxzg",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:01:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "There is 1 preproposed meeting topic this week, any last minute ones to add?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 76,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:01:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:01:00",
          "user": "lightlike",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:01:00",
          "user": "rkrux",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:01:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Erlay WG Update (sr_gi, gleb, marcofleon)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 48,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:02:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "#here",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 5,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:03:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "I've been running the last set of planned simulations this week. I'm currently moving to implementing the changes on the open PR so we can test this with real nodes",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 164,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:03:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "Will be trying this on Warnet as soon as we have a working version, and then proceed with the PR",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 96,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:04:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "The results on simulation look promising :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 43,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:04:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "That's it on my end",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 19,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:04:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Kernel WG Update (TheCharlatan)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:05:00",
          "user": "b10c",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:05:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "We discussed some ways forward towards getting the kernel API merged during the recent dev meeting.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 99,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:05:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "The consensus was that the current API is not likely to get shipped in the upcoming release",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 91,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:06:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "Especially its reliance on assumeutxo mechanics and inflexibility towards other validation models are painpoints",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 112,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:06:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "At the same time, building out applications a bit more to inform design decisions, as well as getting better feedback on how the API changes as validation code evolves would be easier to do if the API were merged sooner than later.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 231,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:07:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "\"not likely to get shipped in the upcoming release\" <-- 29.0 or 30.0?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 69,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:07:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "So the focus in the near term will likely be trying to get it merged over the next months, albeit not slated as a library shipped in the releases quite yet.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:08:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "achow101: 30",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 12,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:08:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:08:00",
          "user": "furszy",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:09:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "I will also try to work on a separate \"big branch\" with many of the desired changes to get the API into shape similarly to what Carl did to initially get a library together.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 173,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:10:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "that's all from me :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 21,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:10:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic MuSig2 WG Update (achow101)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 34,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:10:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "I've addressed recent reviews on #31622",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 39,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:10:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31622 | psbt: add non-default sighash types to PSBTs and unify sighash type match checking by achow101 路 Pull Request #31622 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 193,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:10:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "I had to add a check that signatures are valid DER since one of the recent pushes caused a fuzz test failure",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 108,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:11:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "This is possibly a breaking change, although I don't expect it to actually impact anyone",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 1,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 88,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:11:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "The other current PRs to review are #31247 and #31243.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 54,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:11:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31247 | psbt: MuSig2 Fields by achow101 路 Pull Request #31247 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 130,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:11:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31243 | descriptor: Move filling of keys from `DescriptorImpl::MakeScripts` to `PubkeyProvider::GetPubKey` by achow101 路 Pull Request #31243 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 209,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:11:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#31243 seems rfm once we branch",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 31,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:11:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31243 | descriptor: Move filling of keys from `DescriptorImpl::MakeScripts` to `PubkeyProvider::GetPubKey` by achow101 路 Pull Request #31243 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 209,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:11:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Legacy Wallet Removal WG Update (achow101)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:12:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Sjors opened #31961 which pulls out the commit the makes sqlite required when the wallet is enabled.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 100,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:12:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31961 | Require sqlite when building the wallet by Sjors 路 Pull Request #31961 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 147,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:12:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "I've rebased #31250 and #28710 to on top of it.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 47,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:12:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31250 | wallet: Disable creating and loading legacy wallets by achow101 路 Pull Request #31250 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 162,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:12:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/28710 | Remove the legacy wallet and BDB dependency by achow101 路 Pull Request #28710 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 154,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:12:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "As was mentioned at CoreDev, these PRs are primarily deletions and it would be great to get these in to help reduce scope :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 124,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:12:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:13:00",
          "user": "jarolrod",
          "content": "oh we're reducinngggg",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 21,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:13:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic QML GUI WG Update (jarolrod, johnny9dev)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 47,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:13:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "achow: \\o/",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 10,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:13:00",
          "user": "jarolrod",
          "content": "No substantial update this week, several of us were traveling last week or currently are",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 88,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:13:00",
          "user": "jarolrod",
          "content": "Progress on the activity and send work should be wrapping up soon, and a lot of what you guys saw at the core dev should be in the repo by the next meeting.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:13:00",
          "user": "jarolrod",
          "content": "And more to show at the next meeting!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 37,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:14:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic orphan resolution WG Update (glozow)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 43,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:14:00",
          "user": "jarolrod",
          "content": "fin",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 3,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:14:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "next IRC or coredev meeting?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:14:00",
          "user": "jarolrod",
          "content": "next irc meeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 16,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:14:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": ":)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:14:00",
          "user": "instagibbs",
          "content": "slight difference",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 17,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:14:00",
          "user": "jarolrod",
          "content": "BIG",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 3,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:14:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "hi! i wrote an update on the PR, but wont get to it in the next couple weeks",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 77,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:15:00",
          "user": "instagibbs",
          "content": "",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 1,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:17:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "update being https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31829#issuecomment-2698920711",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 82,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:20:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic 29.0 Milestone",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 21,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:21:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "Ok not sure if my connection is strong enough but:",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 50,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:21:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "There are a few small things left before we can do branch-off, e.g. #31960 which needs some review.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 99,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:21:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "Please also remember to add release notes and check your name in the credits https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/29.0-Release-Notes-draft",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 154,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:21:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "In particular I'm waiting on a CMake note from hebasto and a -O3 note from sipa",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 79,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:21:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "I think we are aiming for a RC testing guide meeting on March 19",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 64,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:21:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31960 | seeds: add signet/testnet4, update makeseeds regex, minblocks, fixed seeds by jonatack 路 Pull Request #31960 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 185,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:21:00",
          "user": "dergoegge",
          "content": "you skipped the fuzzing wg",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 26,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:21:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "dergoegge: oops, didn't see you. will do after this topic",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 57,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:22:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "The milestone is https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/milestone/69",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 64,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:22:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "The only non-procedural pr is #31161",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:22:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31161 | cmake: Set top-level target output locations by hebasto 路 Pull Request #31161 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 154,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:23:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Was there a resolution to that? IIRC it was discussed by a few people at CoreDev.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 81,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:23:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake opened pull request #32009: RFC contrib: turn off compression of macOS SDK to fix determinism (across distros) (master...macos_sdk_select) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32009",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 203,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:24:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "There's also still a bunch of build system issues open. Are they being fixed or punted to the next release?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 107,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:24:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "glozow: still planning to branch today?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 39,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:25:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "We can wait a few days",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 22,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:25:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "glozow: achow101: I'll update the seeds pull shortly, might ping here if any questions",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 86,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:25:00",
          "user": "brunoerg",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:26:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "I'd rather wait than backport",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 29,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:26:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "jon_atack: thanks",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 17,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:26:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "indeed",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 6,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:27:00",
          "user": "glozow",
          "content": "might be dropping off now, sorry",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 32,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:27:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Fuzzing WG Update (dergoegge)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:27:00",
          "user": "dergoegge",
          "content": "For those that didn't attend the \"functional fuzz test\" spark session at coredev, I briefly summarized the idea here: https://gist.github.com/dergoegge/3036796551095a9ce7535fb5d74e6656",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 184,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:27:00",
          "user": "dergoegge",
          "content": "I'll occasionally give updates on this effort here or in the fuzzing wg",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 71,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:29:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#proposedmeetingtopic review club (stickies-v)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 46,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:29:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Unknown command: #proposedmeetingtopic",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 48,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:29:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic review club (stickies-v)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 31,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:30:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "we had a brief in-person discussion last week about reviewing the review club (https://bitcoincore.reviews/ )",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 109,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:30:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "one suggestion with good support was to give space to working groups to host PRs that theyd like more discussion or transparency on",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 132,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:30:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "so, are there any WGs interested in proposing (and ideally hosting) a PR review club?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 85,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:31:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:31:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "if it's okay with everyone, i'll make this a semi-recurring topic on this meeting, but you can always leave a request/suggestion on our newly pinned issue: https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/website/issues/791",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 218,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:32:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "stickies-v: feel free to propose it as a topic whenever you want to",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 67,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:32:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "thank you! that's all for me",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:32:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "sipa: would you like to give a cluster mempool update?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 54,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:33:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "stickies-v: there seems to be support for returning to a weekly format",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 70,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:33:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "achow101: sure",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 14,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:33:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "ofc that is load mostly on you two unless the same people are willing to host",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 77,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:33:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "jon_atack: so far we have 0 people offering to host, though :D",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 62,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:33:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#topic Cluster Mempool WG Update (sdaftuar, sipa)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:34:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "yes. hosting twice a year by a dozen or two people would move the dial on that. I would do that if you need.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 108,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:34:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "not that much to report, #31363 has started getting reviews (thanks, abubakarsadiq and instagibbs!), looks to make good progress",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 128,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:34:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31363 | cluster mempool: introduce TxGraph by sipa 路 Pull Request #31363 路 bitcoin/bitcoin 路 GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 141,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:35:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "on the research side, i've been having good discussions with aj and others about a min-cut linearization algorithm, i hope to have a prototype to experiment with soon",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 166,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:36:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "that's it for me",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 16,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:36:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Any other topics to discuss this week?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:38:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "@jon_atack I think it may be due to a lack of interest in hosting that it is only once a month. If I recall correctly, there have been multiple review clubs in the past after we switched to a monthly schedule when there was interest",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 232,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:38:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "#endmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 11,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:38:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Meeting ended at 2025-03-06T16:38+0000",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 48,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:38:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Raw log: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-03-06_16_00.log.json",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 99,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:38:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Formatted log: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-03-06_16_00.log.html",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 105,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 08:38:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "achow101: Minutes: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-03-06_16_00.html",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 95,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 09:20:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/9f3dcacef733...c7d216ac9461",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 09:20:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master d76647e fanquake: ci: use LLVM 20.1.0 for MSAN",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 61,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 09:20:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master c7d216a merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31993: ci: use LLVM 20.1.0 for MSAN",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 94,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 09:20:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #31993: ci: use LLVM 20.1.0 for MSAN (master...msan_llvm_20_1_0) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31993",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 149,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 10:00:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] achow101 pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/c7d216ac9461...a9a2b669f3e0",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 10:00:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master c873ab6 fanquake: doc: remove note about macOS self-signing",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 74,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 10:00:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master a9a2b66 Ava Chow: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#32003: doc: remove note about macOS self-signing",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 103,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 10:00:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] achow101 merged pull request #32003: doc: remove note about macOS self-signing (master...remove_code_signing_note) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32003",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 170,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 15:09:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] hodlinator opened pull request #32010: qa: Fix TxIndex race conditions (master...2025/02/txindex_test_race) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32010",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 163,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-06 18:11:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] wgyt opened pull request #32011: Docs: fix typos in documentation files (master...wgyt-bitcoin-typo) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32011",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 156,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        }
      ],
      "threads": [
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-06 02:23:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-06 02:23:00",
          "message_count": 5,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 5 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/bd0ee07310c3...9f3dcacef733",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-06 07:54:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-06 08:38:00",
          "message_count": 130,
          "participants": [
            "rkrux",
            "jon_atack",
            "shiza",
            "instagibbs",
            "dzxzg",
            "TheCharlatan",
            "jarolrod",
            "sr_gi[m]",
            "vasild",
            "achow101",
            "corebot",
            "Sjors[m]",
            "brunoerg",
            "abubakarsadiq",
            "glozow",
            "stickies-v",
            "darosior",
            "bitcoin-git",
            "lightlike",
            "dergoegge",
            "sipa",
            "b10c",
            "furszy"
          ],
          "participant_count": 23,
          "first_message": "#proposedmeetingtopic review club",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 1,
            "positive_keywords": 7,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 7
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-06 09:20:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-06 09:20:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/9f3dcacef733...c7d216ac9461",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-06 10:00:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-06 10:00:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] achow101 pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/c7d216ac9461...a9a2b669f3e0",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "days_fetched": 1,
    "total_messages": 147,
    "total_threads": 4,
    "unique_participants": 23
  }
}