{
  "source": "irc",
  "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
  "fetched_at": "2026-01-15T07:01:18.232376+00:00",
  "date_range": {
    "since": "2025-11-13T06:58:54.084595+00:00",
    "until": "2025-11-13T06:58:54.084595+00:00"
  },
  "logs": [
    {
      "date": "2025-11-13",
      "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
      "message_count": 96,
      "participant_count": 27,
      "participants": [
        "kevkevin",
        "TheCharlatan",
        "Murch[m]",
        "hodlinator",
        "dergoegge",
        "fanquake",
        "pinheadmz",
        "stickies-v",
        "bitcoin-git",
        "johnny9dev",
        "brunoerg",
        "l0rinc",
        "darosior",
        "corebot",
        "vasild",
        "fjahr",
        "eugenesiegel",
        "marcofleon",
        "sipa",
        "Sjors[m]1",
        "b10c",
        "lightlike",
        "stringintech",
        "janb84",
        "instagibbs",
        "cfields",
        "yancy"
      ],
      "messages": [
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 00:41:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko opened pull request #33869: refactor: Avoid -W*-whitespace in git archive (master...2511-git-archive-ws) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33869",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 168,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 01:25:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko closed pull request #31823: tests: Add witness commitment if we have a witness transaction in `FullBlockTest.update_block()` (master...2025-02-07-featureblockpy-witnesscommitment) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31823",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 243,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 01:25:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] maflcko reopened pull request #31823: tests: Add witness commitment if we have a witness transaction in `FullBlockTest.update_block()` (master...2025-02-07-featureblockpy-witnesscommitment) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31823",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 245,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 01:49:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/48d4b936e09f...dfde31f2ec1f",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 01:49:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master b0a3887 ismaelsadeeq: scripted-diff: fix leftover references to `policy/fees.h`",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 94,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 01:49:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master dfde31f merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#33864: scripted-diff: fix leftover references to `po...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 01:49:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #33864: scripted-diff: fix leftover references to `policy/fees.h` (master...11-2025-fix-stale-reference-fees.h) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33864",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 196,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 03:20:00",
          "user": "fanquake",
          "content": "Looks like the apt llvm repos for 21 & 22 are a bit cooked at the moment, wondering if we are going to see any intermittent CI issues",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 133,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 06:31:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] TheCharlatan closed pull request #32543: kernel: Remove dependency on clientversion (master...kernelRmClientversion) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32543",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 172,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 06:47:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] andrewtoth opened pull request #33870: Remove incorrect lifetimebounds (master...remove-incorrect-lifetimebounds) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33870",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 169,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#startmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 13,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: Meeting started at 2025-11-13T16:00+0000",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 52,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: Current chairs: stickies-v",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: Useful commands: #action #info #idea #link #topic #motion #vote #close #endmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 94,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: See also: https://hcoop-meetbot.readthedocs.io/en/stable/",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 69,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: Participants should now identify themselves with '#here' or with an alias like '#here FirstLast'",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 108,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "eugenesiegel",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#bitcoin-core-dev Meeting: abubakarsadiq achow101 _aj_ ajonas b10c brunoerg cfields darosior dergoegge dzxzg eugenesiegel fanquake fjahr furszy gleb glozow hebasto hodlinator instagibbs janb84 jarolrod jonatack josibake kanzure kevkevin laanwj LarryRuane lightlike l0rinc luke-jr maflcko marcofleon maxedw Murch pinheadmz provoostenator ryanofsky sdaftuar S3RK stickies-v sipa sr_gi tdb3 theStack TheCharlatan vasild",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 416,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "willcl-ark",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 10,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "Murch[m]",
          "content": "Hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "stringintech",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "brunoerg",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "yancy",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "There are no pre-proposed meeting topics this week. Any last minute ones to add?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 80,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "instagibbs",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "marcofleon",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "janb84",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:01:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:01:00",
          "user": "hodlinator",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:01:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "Also a reminder that as announced last week, the erlay (sr_gi[m]1 ) and multiprocess (ryanofsky) WG's are skipped for the weekly overview - lmk when they should be included again",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 178,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:02:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "That said, let's get going",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 26,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:02:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#topic Fuzzing WG Update (dergoegge)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:02:00",
          "user": "lightlike",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:02:00",
          "user": "dergoegge",
          "content": "no update",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 9,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:02:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#topic Kernel WG Update (TheCharlatan)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:02:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "A bunch of smaller followups to #30595 were opened over the last week.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 70,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:03:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/30595 | kernel: Introduce C header API by TheCharlatan · Pull Request #30595 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 145,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:03:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "See the project board https://github.com/orgs/bitcoin/projects/3/views/1 for these.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 83,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:03:00",
          "user": "l0rinc",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:03:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "Have not gotten around to opening an issue to discuss how to version the header (as discussed last week). Will do so this week.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 127,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:03:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "stringintech has started a project for hosting common test vectors for the language bindings: https://github.com/stringintech/kernel-bindings-tests",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 147,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:04:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:04:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "I think that is interesting and might be something that could be hosted from our repo/org too.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 94,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:04:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "is there a way people can get a sense of priority for the \"Ready to Review PRs\" in the project board?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 101,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:04:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:05:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "kind of hard to prioritize at the moment. it is bit of a zoo, and the PRs don't depend on each other.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 101,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:05:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "cool, maybe something we can work on next for next week, but i'll take that to the WG",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 85,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:05:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "that's all I have :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 20,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#topic Benchmarking WG Update (l0rinc)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "l0rinc",
          "content": "a few dead code removal PRs have landed last week (#33768, #33786, #33042) and adjusting the rate limit of rolling back/forward messages (#33443)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 145,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/33768 | refactor: remove dead branches in `SingletonClusterImpl` by l0rinc · Pull Request #33768 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 165,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/33786 | script: remove dead code in `CountWitnessSigOps` by l0rinc · Pull Request #33786 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 157,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "l0rinc: Error: That URL raised <Remote end closed connection without response>",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 78,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/33443 | log: reduce excessive \"rolling back/forward\" messages during block replay by l0rinc · Pull Request #33443 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 182,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "kevkevin",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "l0rinc",
          "content": "Two merkle-tree related PRs are looking for reviewers #33805 and #32497",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 71,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:06:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/33805 | merkle: migrate `path` arg to reference and drop unused args by l0rinc · Pull Request #33805 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 169,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:07:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/32497 | merkle: pre‑reserve leaves to prevent reallocs with odd vtx count by l0rinc · Pull Request #32497 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 174,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:07:00",
          "user": "l0rinc",
          "content": "that's it from me",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 17,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:07:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#topic Silent Payments WG Update (Novo__)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 41,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:08:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#topic Cluster Mempool WG Update (sdaftuar, sipa)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:09:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "#33629 making good progress!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:09:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/33629 | Cluster mempool by sdaftuar · Pull Request #33629 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 126,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:09:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "that's our focus right now, and we hope to get it in soon",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 57,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:09:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "that's it from me",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 17,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:09:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#topic Stratum v2 WG Update (sjors)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 35,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:10:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]1",
          "content": "No news from my end",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 19,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:10:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#topic QML GUI WG Update (johnny9dev)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 37,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:11:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#topic Net Split WG Update (cfields)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:12:00",
          "user": "cfields",
          "content": "No update yet, still catching up after all the travel.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 54,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:12:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "Anything else to discuss?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 25,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:13:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "we haven't had updates from the QML GUI WG 2 weeks in a row, so to keep things moving forward quickly I'll take them from the roster for next week onwards - johnny9dev lmk if you'd like to revert that of course",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 210,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:13:00",
          "user": "Murch[m]",
          "content": "Please review BIP 3 ;)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 22,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:13:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "(with updates, I mean radio silence, not an explicit \"no updates\")",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 66,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "yeah sorry, I'm not going to be able to provide regular updates for the rest of the year likely",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 95,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "okay thanks for the heads up",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "you can remove the project from the list for now. I will inform you when I'm back in a place where i can",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 104,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "stickies-v",
          "content": "#endmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 11,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: Meeting ended at 2025-11-13T16:14+0000",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 50,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: Raw log: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-11-13_16_00.log.json",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 101,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: Formatted log: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-11-13_16_00.log.html",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 107,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "stickies-v: Minutes: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-11-13_16_00.html",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 97,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:14:00",
          "user": "Murch[m]",
          "content": "johnny9dev: you can also just leave a comment before the meeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 64,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:17:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "corebot: How could one check what are the proposed meeting topics so far, before the meeting?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 93,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:17:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "vasild: Error: \"How\" is not a valid command.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 44,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:19:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "vasild: https://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 69,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:19:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "(it's in the channel description)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 33,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:19:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "Thanks!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 7,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:21:00",
          "user": "b10c",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:23:00",
          "user": "instagibbs",
          "content": "thanks stickies-v",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 17,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 08:56:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "^",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 1,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-11-13 10:00:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] theStack opened pull request #33872: init: completely remove `-maxorphantx` option (master...202511-remove_maxorphantx) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/33872",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 2,
            "text_length": 175,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        }
      ],
      "threads": [
        {
          "start_time": "2025-11-13 01:49:00",
          "end_time": "2025-11-13 01:49:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/48d4b936e09f...dfde31f2ec1f",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-11-13 08:00:00",
          "end_time": "2025-11-13 08:23:00",
          "message_count": 84,
          "participants": [
            "kevkevin",
            "TheCharlatan",
            "Murch[m]",
            "dergoegge",
            "hodlinator",
            "pinheadmz",
            "stickies-v",
            "johnny9dev",
            "brunoerg",
            "l0rinc",
            "darosior",
            "corebot",
            "vasild",
            "fjahr",
            "eugenesiegel",
            "marcofleon",
            "sipa",
            "Sjors[m]1",
            "b10c",
            "lightlike",
            "stringintech",
            "janb84",
            "instagibbs",
            "cfields",
            "yancy"
          ],
          "participant_count": 25,
          "first_message": "#startmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 4,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 4
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "days_fetched": 1,
    "total_messages": 96,
    "total_threads": 2,
    "unique_participants": 27
  }
}