{
  "source": "irc",
  "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
  "fetched_at": "2026-01-15T07:07:33.961521+00:00",
  "date_range": {
    "since": "2025-03-20T00:00:00+00:00",
    "until": "2025-03-20T00:00:00+00:00"
  },
  "logs": [
    {
      "date": "2025-03-20",
      "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
      "message_count": 159,
      "participant_count": 25,
      "participants": [
        "rkrux",
        "fjahr",
        "jon_atack",
        "harding",
        "dzxzg",
        "TheCharlatan",
        "sr_gi[m]",
        "pinheadmz",
        "vasild",
        "maxedw",
        "achow101",
        "corebot",
        "johnny9dev",
        "Sjors[m]",
        "brunoerg",
        "abubakarsadiq",
        "hebasto",
        "willcl-ark",
        "bitcoin-git",
        "darosior",
        "dergoegge",
        "sipa",
        "_aj_",
        "b10c",
        "furszy"
      ],
      "messages": [
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 01:02:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "_aj_: I'm on vacation for the next 2 and a half weeks, so I'll rebase 31250 if it's trivial. Otherwise, check back in April",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 123,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 01:03:00",
          "user": "_aj_",
          "content": "achow101: well, have fun being totally lame then!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 01:05:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "I'm enjoying not burning out :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 31,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 01:06:00",
          "user": "_aj_",
          "content": "achow101: just like asbestos!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 29,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 02:36:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Looks like #32027 is currently the only v29 milestone issue outstanding (nothing in the GUI repo). Seems one for build system fans.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 131,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 02:36:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/32027 | cmake: Add `NO_CACHE_IF_FAILED` option for checking linker flags by hebasto · Pull Request #32027 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 174,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 02:36:00",
          "user": "Sjors[m]",
          "content": "Actually the title looks more scary than it is, I've had this experience too, let me test it  :-)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 97,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 04:21:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] ismaelsadeeq opened pull request #32100: doc: clarify the documentation of `Assume` assertion (master...03-2025-clarify-assume-doc) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32100",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 187,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 05:00:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] vasild closed pull request #32065: i2p: make a time gap between creating transient sessions and using them (master...i2p_early_create_session) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32065",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 198,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 05:06:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] vasild reopened pull request #32065: i2p: make a time gap between creating transient sessions and using them (master...i2p_early_create_session) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32065",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 200,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 05:48:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] willcl-ark opened pull request #32101: Accept unordered tracepoints in interface_usdt_utxocache.py (master...usdt-order-independent) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32101",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 188,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 06:06:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] ryanofsky pushed 3 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/aa87e0b44600...998386d4462f",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 118,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 06:06:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 0d2eefc Ryan Ofsky: test, refactor: Add TestNode.binaries to hold binary paths",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 93,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 06:06:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master d190f0f Ryan Ofsky: test, contrib: Fix signer/miner command line escaping",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 88,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 06:06:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 998386d Ryan Ofsky: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31866: test, refactor: Add TestNode.binaries to hold...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 112,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 06:06:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] ryanofsky merged pull request #31866: test, refactor: Add TestNode.binaries to hold binary paths (master...pr/wrapp) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31866",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 172,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 06:13:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] willcl-ark opened pull request #32103: ci: run test-each-commit on merge to master (master...test-each-commit-merge) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32103",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 172,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 07:41:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "I think #31910 might be ready for merge?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 40,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 07:41:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31910 | qa: fix an off-by-one in utxo snapshot fuzz target and sanity check its snapshot data by darosior · Pull Request #31910 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 196,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 07:48:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#proposedmeetingtopic Upcoming ASMap run tomorrow",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 08:12:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] sr-gi opened pull request #32104: refactor: Simplifies ProcessMessage for NetMsgType::TX (master...2025-03-refactor-process-tx) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32104",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 183,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 08:52:00",
          "user": "harding",
          "content": "I just noticed that 29 RCs are on bitcoincore.org/bin .  I think in the past, the release manager has announced those on the bitcoin-dev mailing list.  That was useful for me, at least.  If it's decided not to announce the initial RC on the ML, may I suggest using the GitHub Releases page for future RCs?  All of the other projects I track do that, and GitHub allows me to subscribe to releases notifications without having to subscribe to the",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 444,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 08:52:00",
          "user": "harding",
          "content": "firehose that is all issues/PRs, and I think there are probably a fair number of people who would be interested in receiving some sort of easy notification that RCs are available.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 179,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 08:53:00",
          "user": "rkrux",
          "content": "I dont think I will be able to join the meeting today. On the Musig2 front, no new updates as I have not been well this last week and could not get to reviewing those PRs.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 171,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#startmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 13,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Meeting started at 2025-03-20T16:00+0000",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 47,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Current chairs: fjahr",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Useful commands: #action #info #idea #link #topic #motion #vote #close #endmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 89,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: See also: https://hcoop-meetbot.readthedocs.io/en/stable/",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 64,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Participants should now identify themselves with '#here' or with an alias like '#here FirstLast'",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 103,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#bitcoin-core-dev Meeting: abubakarsadiq achow101 _aj_ ajonas b10c brunoerg cfields darosior dergoegge fanquake fjahr furszy gleb glozow hebasto instagibbs jarolrod jonatack josibake kanzure laanwj LarryRuane lightlike luke-jr maflcko marcofleon maxedw Murch pinheadmz provoostenator ryanofsky sdaftuar S3RK stickies-v sipa sr_gi tdb3 theStack TheCharlatan vasild willcl-ark",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 374,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "brunoerg",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "yo",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "maxedw",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "furszy",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "dzxzg",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:01:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "harding: makes sense.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 21,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:01:00",
          "user": "willcl-ark",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:01:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "I don't see pre-proposed meeting topics but my own doesn't show up either...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 76,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:01:00",
          "user": "b10c",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:01:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "#here",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 5,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:01:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Anyway, any last minute ones to add?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:01:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:02:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#topic Erlay WG Update (sr_gi, gleb, marcofleon)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 48,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:02:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "No major update this week, I'm still working on updating the patch to #30116",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 76,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:02:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/30116 | p2p: Fill reconciliation sets (Erlay) attempt 2 by sr-gi · Pull Request #30116 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 155,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:03:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#topic Kernel WG Update (TheCharlatan)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 38,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:03:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "ryanofsky commented the potential for a C bindings expanding the scope of the project in the context of darosior's recent post about project scope: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30595#issuecomment-2736469179 and proposed splitting the bindings into an external repo.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 276,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:03:00",
          "user": "TheCharlatan",
          "content": "I gave my view on that here https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30595#issuecomment-2738349197 , but it would be nice to have more people offer their perspective.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 165,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:04:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#topic Cluster Mempool WG Update (sdaftuar, sipa)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:05:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "hi, good progress on #31363 the past week, i think it's getting closer",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 70,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:05:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31363 | cluster mempool: introduce TxGraph by sipa · Pull Request #31363 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 141,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:05:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "TheCharlatan: I have seen it but don't have an opinion, for what it's worth.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 76,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:05:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "(an *informed* opinion)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 23,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:06:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "not that much else to report",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:06:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#topic Legacy Wallet Removal WG Update (achow101, furszy)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 57,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:06:00",
          "user": "furszy",
          "content": "#31961 got merged. Next in line is #31250. However, it requires a rebase from achow, so it might stay in this state for the next two weeks.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 139,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:06:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31961 | Require sqlite when building the wallet by Sjors · Pull Request #31961 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 147,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:06:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31250 | wallet: Disable creating and loading legacy wallets by achow101 · Pull Request #31250 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 162,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#topic QML GUI WG Update (jarolrod, johnny9dev)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 47,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "Last week I have been focused on getting all of the current PRs mergable with help from hebasto. The following have been merged in.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 131,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "1. Fix handling of load wallet in controller #447",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "2. Initial Template for Request Payment page #435",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 49,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "3. Introduce AddWalletButton and connect it to the AddWallet flow #418",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 70,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "4. Introduce the Desktop Wallet Activity Page #442",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 50,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/447 | RPC 'sendfrom' with invalid address crashes bitcoind · Issue #447 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 140,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/435 | Bugfix: don't overuse limited ExtractAddress by sipa · Pull Request #435 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 147,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/418 | Update makefile.vc for wallet encryptions. by EricJ2190 · Pull Request #418 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 150,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/442 | Unit Test Fixes by TheBlueMatt · Pull Request #442 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 125,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "The following haven’t been merged in yet but are ready to go.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 61,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:07:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "5. Introduce Send pages for single-sig, single input/output send 445",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 68,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:08:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "Additionally, I’ve been developing the context menu popups that contain the options toggles for more advanced send features. The current feature I’m working on is coin control and the form for input/coin selection. I expect to PR this by the end of the week.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 258,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:08:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "My next priorities are multiple outputs for Send, Address and Amount formatting, and pagination of the Activity list.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:08:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "bitcoin-core/gui#442",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 20,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:08:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui/issues/442 | . · Issue #442 · bitcoin-core/gui · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 91,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:09:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#topic Script Validation WG Update (fjahr)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 42,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:09:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Oh hello!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 9,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:09:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "This is a new WG for the stuff around batch validation and other script validation improvements, for example within checkqueue (pretty much all that was discussed at the session on this at CoreDev, the transcripts should be available soon for anyone who didn't make it) plus the necessary benchmarking that helps us evaluate these different options.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 349,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:09:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Siv has joined our WG and will pick up the work on secp256k1#1134 soon including looking into utilizing pippenger there.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 120,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:09:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin-core/secp256k1/issues/1134 | Add an experimental batch module by siv2r · Pull Request #1134 · bitcoin-core/secp256k1 · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 152,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:09:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#31689 might be RFM already (3 ACKs) but maybe it can also use another pair of eyes",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 83,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:09:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31689 | Benchmark Chainstate::ConnectBlock duration by Eunovo · Pull Request #31689 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 152,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:10:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "fjahr: if you have some group/channel/other communication medium, i'm happy to join and lurk",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 92,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:10:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#29491 is still a WIP but it's improving and we have in active discussion around the concept and approach, happy to get more people involved",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 140,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:10:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/29491 | [EXPERIMENTAL] Schnorr batch verification for blocks by fjahr · Pull Request #29491 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 160,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:10:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "sipa: Just a signal channel for now, will invite you and anyone else who is interested!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 87,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:10:00",
          "user": "darosior",
          "content": "happy to lurk too.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 18,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:10:00",
          "user": "dergoegge",
          "content": "me too",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 6,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:11:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "cool",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 4,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:11:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "will do soon after the meeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 30,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:11:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#topic Upcoming ASMap run tomorrow (me again)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 45,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:11:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Some people expressed interested at CoreDev in participating in building an ASMap. There is an upcoming ASMap run tomorrow: https://github.com/asmap/asmap-data/issues/22 It starts at the same time as the meeting here and due to the performance improvements it will be a lot faster than it used to be if you participated in the past.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 332,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:12:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Feel free to ping us here or in the issue linked above if you want to join and have trouble setting up kartograf.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 113,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:12:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "fjahr: sgtm, an idea of amount of time it takes?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 48,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:13:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "and this would then replace the binary asmap blob included in #28792 ?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 70,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:13:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/28792 | Embed default ASMap as binary dump header file by fjahr · Pull Request #28792 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 154,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:13:00",
          "user": "furszy",
          "content": "fjahr: add me too to the WG.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 28,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:13:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "jon_atack: On a modern/high end laptop something like 10-20min",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 62,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:13:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "participants in this combine their data or are expected to get same determinstic output ?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 89,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:14:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "sipa: Yeah, we have made several new ones since the PR was last updated. I can update it with this run again. I had been holding off updating the asmap data because of the dependency on the cmake PR which is now merged.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 219,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:15:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "fjahr: ty. I guess this updates latest_asmap.dat in https://github.com/asmap/asmap-data that is also used for the DNS seeds script",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 130,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:15:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "pinheadmz: most should get the same exact result if not all, we don't combine it but compare the result.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 104,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:15:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "(currently latest_asmap.dat is 3 months old)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 44,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:15:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "jon_atack: yes, that is always updated when we add a new map to the repo (CI checks it)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 87,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:16:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "he haven't had a run in a while because we did all these performance updates",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 76,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:16:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "and wanted to make sure it's really stable again",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 48,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:18:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Alright, ping us any time about the asmap stuff, tools/process etc.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 67,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:18:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Anything else to discuss? Someone want to say something on the RC?",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 66,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:19:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Please build and test I guess :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 32,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:19:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "fjahr I'd like to participate too",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 33,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:20:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "Cool, let me know if you have issues with the setup in the readme: https://github.com/asmap/kartograf",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 101,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:20:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "#endmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 11,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:20:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Meeting ended at 2025-03-20T16:20+0000",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 45,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:20:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Raw log: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-03-20_16_00.log.json",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 96,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:20:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Formatted log: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-03-20_16_00.log.html",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 102,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:20:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "fjahr: Minutes: https://achow101.com/ircmeetings/2025/bitcoin-core-dev.2025-03-20_16_00.html",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 92,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:20:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "sr_gi: or did you mean the script validation channel? :D",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 56,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:21:00",
          "user": "johnny9dev",
          "content": "Thanks everyone. I'll have my PR links formatted correctly next time.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 69,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:26:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "When I say \"us\" in ASMap context that's me or jurraca BTW :)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 60,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:29:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "and with \"used for the DNS seeds script\", am referring to /contrib/seeds/README.md",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 82,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:30:00",
          "user": "vasild",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:30:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "FWIW I am happy to lurk in any WG signal groups that don't mind adding me. Previously this was what I liked about this IRC channel; it was a good place to follow the discussions.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 178,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:33:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "hi",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 2,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:38:00",
          "user": "abubakarsadiq",
          "content": "@fjahr: I think there is a Bitcoin wiki page with all the working groups, maybe you can add this new wg there with the invite link, anyone willing to join will click and you will approve",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 186,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 09:51:00",
          "user": "jon_atack",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/Working-Groups",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 67,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 10:11:00",
          "user": "sr_gi[m]",
          "content": "fjahr: nono, i meant asmap",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 26,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 10:23:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "abubakarsadiq: I had already added it to the table. I guess an additional column in there would be good to know where the group meets. Will look into making an invite link, thanks!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 180,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 10:23:00",
          "user": "fjahr",
          "content": "*groups, the others don't have info in it there",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 47,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:50:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "when did the build outputs get moved to build/bin ? I could not figure out why my local code changes weren't being executed!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 124,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:51:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "pinheadmz: i also just lost half a day's worth of work by being pleasantly surprised that all my tests still work after an invasive change!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 139,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:51:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "(but then realizing it was an old test binary being run)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 56,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:52:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "Fuck",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 4,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:52:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "Served me right rebasing on master",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 34,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:53:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "#31161, by the way, merged last week",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 36,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:53:00",
          "user": "corebot",
          "content": "https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/31161 | cmake: Set top-level target output locations by hebasto · Pull Request #31161 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 154,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:55:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "Well. I'm",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 9,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 13:56:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "Sorta glad I'm not losing my mind",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 33,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 14:03:00",
          "user": "hebasto",
          "content": "pinheadmz: sipa: my apologies for any disruption caused",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 55,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 14:05:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "hebasto: no apology needed, i was well aware of the change - i just temporarily forgot about when reusing commands in my shell history",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 134,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 14:05:00",
          "user": "sipa",
          "content": "(turns out it's just the last half hour or so that broke things!)",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 65,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 14:09:00",
          "user": "pinheadmz",
          "content": "yeah no worries!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 16,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 17:26:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/998386d4462f...b858b7290348",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 17:26:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master fa4fb6a MarcoFalke: fuzz: Use serial task runner to increase fuzz stability",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 90,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 17:26:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master b858b72 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#31841: fuzz: Use immediate task runner to increase f...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 17:26:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #31841: fuzz: Use immediate task runner to increase fuzz stability (master...2502-fuzz-stable) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/31841",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 179,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 17:43:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "Still don't understand why we can't have symlinks for the old binary locations",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 78,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 22:46:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/b858b7290348...85feb094d4a9",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 22:46:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master fa310cc MarcoFalke: test: Fix intermittent issue in p2p_orphan_handling.py",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 89,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 22:46:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master 85feb09 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#32092: test: Fix intermittent issue in p2p_orphan_ha...",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 114,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 22:46:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #32092: test: Fix intermittent issue in p2p_orphan_handling.py (master...2503-test-orph) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32092",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 173,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 22:47:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/85feb094d4a9...b43cfa20fddc",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 117,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 22:47:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master c6eca6f tdb3: doc: add guidance for RPC to developer notes",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 73,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 22:47:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "bitcoin/master b43cfa2 merge-script: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#30142: doc: add guidance for RPC to developer notes",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 110,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-03-20 22:48:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #30142: doc: add guidance for RPC to developer notes (master...rpc_update_guidance) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30142",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 168,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        }
      ],
      "threads": [
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 01:02:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 01:06:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "achow101",
            "_aj_"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "_aj_: I'm on vacation for the next 2 and a half weeks, so I'll rebase 31250 if it's trivial. Otherwise, check back in April",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 1
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 02:36:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 02:36:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "Sjors[m]",
            "corebot"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "Looks like #32027 is currently the only v29 milestone issue outstanding (nothing in the GUI repo). Seems one for build system fans.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 06:06:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 06:06:00",
          "message_count": 5,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] ryanofsky pushed 3 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/aa87e0b44600...998386d4462f",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 08:52:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 08:53:00",
          "message_count": 3,
          "participants": [
            "rkrux",
            "harding"
          ],
          "participant_count": 2,
          "first_message": "I just noticed that 29 RCs are on bitcoincore.org/bin .  I think in the past, the release manager has announced those on the bitcoin-dev mailing list.  That was useful for me, at least.  If it's decid",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 1
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 09:00:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 09:38:00",
          "message_count": 105,
          "participants": [
            "jon_atack",
            "fjahr",
            "sr_gi[m]",
            "willcl-ark",
            "dzxzg",
            "pinheadmz",
            "darosior",
            "brunoerg",
            "TheCharlatan",
            "maxedw",
            "dergoegge",
            "sipa",
            "vasild",
            "abubakarsadiq",
            "corebot",
            "johnny9dev",
            "b10c",
            "furszy"
          ],
          "participant_count": 18,
          "first_message": "#startmeeting",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 5,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 4
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 13:50:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 13:56:00",
          "message_count": 9,
          "participants": [
            "corebot",
            "pinheadmz",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 3,
          "first_message": "when did the build outputs get moved to build/bin ? I could not figure out why my local code changes weren't being executed!",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 14:03:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 14:09:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "pinheadmz",
            "hebasto",
            "sipa"
          ],
          "participant_count": 3,
          "first_message": "pinheadmz: sipa: my apologies for any disruption caused",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 17:26:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 17:26:00",
          "message_count": 4,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/998386d4462f...b858b7290348",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        },
        {
          "start_time": "2025-03-20 22:46:00",
          "end_time": "2025-03-20 22:48:00",
          "message_count": 8,
          "participants": [
            "bitcoin-git"
          ],
          "participant_count": 1,
          "first_message": "[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/b858b7290348...85feb094d4a9",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "nack_count": 0,
            "ack_count": 0
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "days_fetched": 1,
    "total_messages": 159,
    "total_threads": 9,
    "unique_participants": 25
  }
}