{
  "source": "irc",
  "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
  "fetched_at": "2026-01-15T07:08:18.999577+00:00",
  "date_range": {
    "since": "2025-05-03T00:00:00+00:00",
    "until": "2025-05-03T00:00:00+00:00"
  },
  "logs": [
    {
      "date": "2025-05-03",
      "channel": "#bitcoin-core-dev",
      "message_count": 8,
      "participant_count": 3,
      "participants": [
        "achow101",
        "gmaxwell",
        "bitcoin-git"
      ],
      "messages": [
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-05-03 01:21:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] rkrux opened pull request #32411: doc: update CWallet::SignTransaction doc to mention SIGHASH_DEFAULT (master...sighash-default-doc) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32411",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 188,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-05-03 01:59:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] rkrux opened pull request #32412: Musig2 fields followups (master...musig2-fields) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32412",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 138,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-05-03 04:49:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] rkrux opened pull request #32413: test: test that descriptorprocesspsbt removes non witness utxos in PSBT (master...descriptorprocesspsbt) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32413",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 194,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-05-03 05:56:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] andrewtoth opened pull request #32414: validation: periodically flush dbcache during reindex-chainstate (master...reindex-flush) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32414",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 184,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-05-03 11:28:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] theStack opened pull request #32415: scripted-diff: adapt script error constant names in feature_taproot.py (master...202505-test-adapt_consensus_error_constants) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32415",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 1,
            "text_length": 218,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": true
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-05-03 16:55:00",
          "user": "bitcoin-git",
          "content": "[bitcoin] andrewtoth closed pull request #32414: validation: periodically flush dbcache during reindex-chainstate (master...reindex-flush) https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32414",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 184,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-05-03 23:38:00",
          "user": "achow101",
          "content": "instagibbs: is there a purpose to having it opened but locked? If it's not ready for discussion yet, then I think you should just wait to open the PR when it is ready.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 1,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 167,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        },
        {
          "type": "message",
          "timestamp": "2025-05-03 23:59:00",
          "user": "gmaxwell",
          "content": "his op_return but keeping the setting?  it's been productive to public discussion because it shows there is an alternative proposed for those people who are *only* unhappy about removing a knob.",
          "drama_signals": {
            "drama_keywords": 0,
            "positive_keywords": 0,
            "text_length": 194,
            "has_nack": false,
            "has_ack": false
          }
        }
      ],
      "threads": []
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "days_fetched": 1,
    "total_messages": 8,
    "total_threads": 0,
    "unique_participants": 3
  }
}